Added cosign signatures support. (#1199)
pulp/pulp_container: docs/workflows/sign-images.rst

Afterwards, users are able to sign selected content by the provided script.

   .. warning::

>        Underlying singing facility with sign anything what represents an OCI container image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       The underlying singing facility will sign anything that represents an OCI container image.
```

             "worker": "/pulp/api/v3/workers/eb65c2d9-31b2-47dc-847e-dad0e744c539/"
         }

> Upon task complection, an atomic container signature is created and added to the repository::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon task completion, an atomic container signature is created and added to the repository::
```
